Okay, okay, okay, your family's play
It's really wonderful
What are you talking about, you impostor?
I already knew
Your weasel doesn't have a good heart to pay New Year's greetings to the chicken
How dare you speak to my mother like that, you fake
But also
You're not some dying news at all
Of course there is no tutoring
Force your stinky mouth to follow this lady
Miss Ben
I think you are an actor and you believe it yourself
I'll tell you what.
The money in this Lin mansion belongs to my brother
Don't try to cheat a penny
If you were Miss Lin
I should have gone to the hospital today
This is western medicine given to me by my personal doctor Mike
It is very effective in preventing pollen allergies
August osmanthus fragrance
He told me everything.
Is there something wrong with that?
Oh, I forgot.
A down-and-out household like your Song family should
Can't afford a private doctor?